s/operator/bearer (#21)
OR13/diem-draft-charter: diem-unified-charter.md

# Initial Scope

> The working group will focus its initial work on assets that are discovered by use of digital communication such as use of DNS or at a well-know location on a host identified by a hostname or IP address. These discovery mechansisms have the unique challenge of the validator remaining unknown to the bearer of the asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The working group will focus its initial work on assets that are discovered by use of digital communication such as use of DNS or at a well-know location on a host identified by a hostname or IP address. These discovery mechanisms have the unique challenge of the validator remaining unknown to the bearer of the emblem.
```

I think there is still ambiguity regarding "bearer" vs "asset".

In my mental model, the asset is the resource that is meant to be marked by the emblem.
The bearer is either the asset, or some protocol for retrieving information about the asset.

To make this concrete, an authorization server might be marketed protected via DNS records, the bearer of the emblem is the records, the asset is the authorization server which might have its own records, and a mail server next to the authorization server is or is not marked protected depending on the attributes or scope of the emblem.

Neither service (asset) will know when a validator retrieves records, but either service would know if probed directly for an an emblem.

> The working group will focus its initial work on assets that are discovered by use of digital communication such as use of DNS or at a well-know location on a host identified by a hostname or IP address. These discovery mechansisms have the unique challenge of the validator remaining unknown to the bearer of the asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The working group will focus its initial work on assets that are discovered through the DNS. 
A design objective for the initial emblems defined by the working group is that the assets bearing emblems should not be able to distinguish the validation of the emblem from normal interaction with the asset.
For example, a resource server for a web page, or api catalog, may log the url, ip and time of certain requests, but will not be able to tell if an http client is validating a specific sub resource, contained in the primary resource.
Similarly, a request for all TLSA records on a name, does not indicate that a specific TLSA record is being validated.
```

Obviously, you could place emblems in relation to resources in such as way so that every time they were accessed, there could be no doubt that the purpose was validation.

Reviewer 2: By why drop the requirement just because it might turn out that certain designs don't provide it?

Reviewer 2: I think it would be better to keep DNS as an example (not the only discovery mechanism). But the requirement of "remaining unknown" is certainly phrased more accurately here!
